[FUJIO]
Good news everyone!
"Dear old Dad" happens
to have this Sunday off!
And since Kiri and Yanagi
are done with their exams,
I thought, why not go somewhere?
[UZAKI]
Where did you have in mind?
[FUJIO]
One of our members at the gym
was raving about this place.
Oh? What is it? Someplace fun?
Take a look! Whattaya think?
[UZAKI]
Hakone Kowakien Yunessun?
[FUJIO] It's a hot spring
that's open year-round!
Even in the winter!
[UZAKI]
Like a real hot spring?
Wouldn't you get light-head
swimming in one of those?
It's gonna be fine, they
say they keep the water
"comfortably warm."
Oh look, they
have private baths!
You know, I think a weekend
getaway sounds delightful.
So, it's a place to swim?
[KIRI screaming]
[KIRI gasping]
Kiri? What's the word? You in?
N-No way! Anything but that!
I'm not going anywhere
near that place!
[FUJIO]
But it's just swimming!
Wow, we really lucked out
on the weather, didn't we!
Y'know, I can't see why Kiri was
so hell-bent against this.
[TSUKI]
He's a teenager. Whatever it is,
I'm sure he thinks it's
the end of the world.
You remember how we were.
He probably thinks he'll have
a lot more fun at home alone.
Yeah, right! In his bedroom.
I was really hoping
this could be a trip
the whole family
could enjoy together.
[TSUKI]
Oh, Fujio...
[FUJIO]
Kiri is a young man, after all.
I'm sure he'll be
fine on his own.
Truth is, it's Hana who I hope
to connect with this weekend.
Hey, Hana. You must be bummed
you're not with Sakurai
this weekend.
How bad do you wish
he were here now?
You know, if this place actually
turns out to be cool,
the two of you could always come
back here sometime as a couple!
Would you cut it out?
You're not being funny!
Uh-oh, is someone blushing?
[FUJIO growling]
Uh, honey? The children
are in the car.
Let's not do anything
hasty. Please?
Whoever you are, you won't
steal my baby girl!
[DRIVER A humming]
[DRIVER A]
What the--?
Where did they come from?
They're right on top of me!
[TSUKI gasping]
[FUJIO] Oh, Hana! You've made
a habit of coming home
so late these days! And that's
if you come home at all!
Your mother and sister won't
tell me anything about this guy!
Whenever I ask, they dodge
or change the subject.
Oh, beloved daughter of mine.
Have you forgotten what a
special relationship
we used to have?
Listen up, Hana. If you want
to survive in this world,
you're going to need to know
when to say "what the heck,"
"do I look like I care,"
and "fuhgeddaboudit."
Fuhgeddaboudit!
Perfect! Yes!
[FUJIO] Look, Hana, a perfect
sunset, just like in the movies!
Isn't it beautiful?
Do I look like I care?
Hana! Look at you!
Perfect timing!
[laughing]
I want to stay a
part of your life.
To laugh with you like we used
to when you were young!
[DRIVER A]
Eyes front, idiot!
No matter what!
No matter what it takes...
My family will enjoy
this day together!
If it's the last thing I do!
Huh? What the--?
Is that car on fire!
[FUJIO]
I will win my daughter back!
This trip will restore
our father-daughter bond!
[FUJIO yelling]
[DRIVER A yelps]
Thanks for coming in!
Hana! Check it out!
[UZAKI] I guess this
must be their mascot.
[YANAGI]
It's adorable!
Ah!
Wow, you know what this
place reminds me of?
What do they call that
architecture in Rome?
[YANAGI]
Roman architecture?
[UZAKI]
Yeah, that! Wait...
[YANAGI] Hana, look!
There's a water slide outside!
[UZAKI] I think it's called
"Rodeo Mountain."
[WOMAN A screaming]
[UZAKI laughing]
[TSUKI]
They seem to be having fun.
Ah... Oh, my heart. Ah...
[BOTH laughing]
The water's so nice!
It's so warm!
I feel like I could just
drift off to sleep in here!
Like a watery futon!
Hey girls, if you want, there
are a lot of other baths
we can try out down that way!
Sounds good! C'mon, Hana!
Let's head over!
[UZAKI]
A wine bath!
[TSUKI] It's supposed
to be rejuvenating.
This must be how Cleopatra
took all her baths!
[FUJIO]
Et tu, Yanè?
[YANAGI] That's Caesar and
Brutus. Get a clue, Dad.
[UZAKI]
A coffee bath?
[YANAGI]
This smells amazing!
[TSUKI] It's supposed to
help wake up your skin
and make you look younger!
[UZAKI]
There's a sake bath here?
Oh, and a green-tea bath!
[YANAGI] Come look at this!
It's Doctor Fish!
You know we're going in, right?
Wait, seriously?
Yeah, we are! [laughs]
[gasps] You really hit
a home run with this!
I'm glad.
Our family really needed
something like this.
[TSUKI] Hey, why don't we
go try it, too?
[UZAKI laughing]
[YANAGI]
Oh man! It's so tickley!
[UZAKI laughs]
This is too much! I can't!
I think I need to bail!
I'm dying here!
Hey come on!
This is a public place!
You need to keep
your voices down
or you'll give someone
the wrong idea.
Hm?
[TSUKI moans, laughs]
It really does tickle though!
[FUJIO] Honey come on, listen
to how you sound right now!
[laughing]
Nope! I'm out! See ya!
Yeah! Me, too! Catch ya later!
Girls, why don't we all
go somewhere together?
[yelps]
Oh, Fujio!
You all right, sweetie?
I'm fine. Just embarrassed.
Hey, at least I didn't
squash any of the fish.
Oh, my! N-No! Please! Not there!
Ah! I'm too ticklish
for fish-nibbles!
--[yelps]
--[splash]
No! My Fujio!
Oh no, those devilish fish
have taken my husband.
[UZAKI]
That was way too intense!
[YANAGI giggles]
Yeah, you got that right.
Although, I think my feet
do feel a little smoother.
[UZAKI]
Yeah, mine too!
[YANAGI]
Well? Whattaya wanna do next?
[UZAKI] Dunno! Let's wait
for Mom and Dad to catch up.
[FLIRT A] Well, well!
Look who we have here!
I didn't know they
let cuties swim here.
What brings you to
the pool, ladies?
Hana? I think they're
trying to hit on us.
What? Do people still do that?
I haven't been
flirted with in ages.
[gasps] Obviously,
'cause you're always
wrapped around
the arm of Sakurai.
You know it!
He's always keeping away
all of the would-be suitors
with those scary eyes of his!
Right. I'm sure that's
exactly what it is.
[FLIRT A] Hey, quit
chit-chattin' amongst yourselves
and talk to us, would ya?
[FLIRT B] Ya wanna come
grab a drink with us?
[UZAKI] I think I'll pass. We're
here with our family today.
Oh, well give us your digits
and we'll meet up later.
Lemme level with you,
my sister and I are
both in middle school,
and what you're doing
right now is illegal.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[UZAKI] What? That's the best
you could come up with?
They're middle-schoolers?
I think I'm out, man.
[UZAKI]
They bought it!
Yeah. Hey, why don't we touch
base again in five years or so.
[FUJIO]
Lookin' for some action, punks?
[FLIRTS]
Hm?
Well, what about me?
[FLIRTS gasp]
We're so sorry, sir!
[sighs] That was close.
[FUJIO] Uh! Wait a second!
What was I thinking?
I'm letting my baby
girls wander around
unattended in nothing
but their swimsuits!
That's like tossing raw meat
into a den of lions
and expecting them
not to gobble it up!
I brought them here so they
could enjoy themselves!
Not so they could fall
into the hands
of some low-down
cheap little punks!
[FUJIO grunting]
Um, you good, Dad?
Hana! Yanagi! Are you all right?
They didn't hurt you, did they?
You'll never leave
my sight ever again.
We're fine, Dad.
Also, why is your
body silky smooth?
Did something happen?
[FUJIO]
That's not important right now!
Don't worry about us,
we're fine!
Trust me, we weren't going
anywhere with those guys.
It would be a crime! Right?
Yup.
[FUJIO]
Eh?!
Point is, we know you're
never far away, Dad.
Yeah! We can always count
on you to protect us!
[grunting] My baby girls!
[FLIRT A]
You're a mother of three?
[FLIRT B]
Nice!
Uhh, we may have a problem.
Boys, I don't mean to be rude,
but I'm here with my family.
Does it have to be now?
You fiends!
[FLIRTS] Crap! Not again!
What is with that dude?
Kids these days!
They're all animals!
[YOUTH A]
Whoa! Feast your eyes, fellas!
[YOUTH B]
What a body.
[YOUTH C]
Talk about perfection!
[FUJIO growls] Back for more
are you?! Well bring it on!
[YOUTH C]
He looks like a Greek god!
What's that?
Your physique is incredible!
You must've worked so
hard to achieve that!
Eh?
[YOUTH C]
Would you...
...mind if we took some
pictures for inspiration?
First one's free!
[YOUTH C]
Yes!
[YOUTH D]
Thank you so much!
[NARRATOR] Yes, Tsuki
actually chose this man
as her life partner.
[YOUTH C]
Can you look this way, sir?
[YOUTH D]
Love it! Next pose, please!
[YOUTH E]
Oh, hell yeah! Keep 'em coming!
[FUJIO]
Heh!
[YOUTH C]
What a smile!
[YOUTH D]
He's incredible!
[WOMAN A]
Oh my! Now that's a man!
[MAN A] You've gotta be
kidding me! Is he for real?
Insane.
I feel like this is
scarring me somehow.
[TSUKI]
That's your father for you.
He's putty in the
hands of anyone
who compliments his muscles.
[YOUTH C] Man, that physique
really is something else.
[YOUTH D] Yeah, I just can't get
over how perfect your body is.
[YOUTH E]
We've been working out non-stop
trying to build six-packs,
but no luck.
[FUJIO]
First rule of abs!
Fine-tuning your diet
will go a long way
towards getting those gains.
Stop by my gym and we can help
you find the right balance
of proteins, fats, and carbs
for your body type!
[YANAGI]
First, he was modelling, and now
he's dishing out workout advice
and drumming up business.
[TSUKI] Just like my
husband to find some way
to turn his day off into work.
Welp, looks like he won't be
going anywhere for a while.
I'm gonna go poke around
on my own for a little bit.
All right, just be careful.
It's very slippery.
[UZAKI]
I know, Mom.
[UZAKI] Whoa. What
an amazing view! Holy--!
Thank you breeze for
reminding me it's winter.
Huh?
[UZAKI]
Cave baths?
Don't mind if I do.
I'm feeling like lunch.
Whattaya say?
[SAKURAI]
Works for me.
[UZAKI]
S-Sakurai?
Uzaki!
What are you doing here?
Oh, hey! What are the odds!
You planned this,
didn't you Sakaki.
I knew it. I friggin' knew it.
What? No way!
I was completely
hands-off this time!
This is a hundred percent
unadulterated coincidence!
[UZAKI] See you say that, but
you have a track record buddy,
so I'm not buyin' it. Right?
Pretty much.
You know I'm feeling a lack
of trust in this relationship.
[SAKURAI]
Uzaki.
Ah... Good.
Guess all that swimming
the other day paid off.
I'm not nervous anymore.
Itsuhito surprised me with a
ticket, so I tagged along.
I promise, no funny business.
We're just enjoying the park.
Okay. Well I happen to be
here with my family today!
Oh, cool.
[UZAKI] This place sure
is fun, isn't it?
Never seen a hot spring
with a water slide before!
Have you been down
it yet, Sakurai?
[SAKURAI]
Uh, no.
[UZAKI] Well if you want to,
we could go down it together.
[SAKURAI]
What are you, my mother?
Ugh. Why are you grinning?
What? Did I say something funny?
Don't mind me. I'm just
appreciating the chemistry.
You know Saku's
been busy lately!
[SAKURAI]
Wait, I have?
Afraid so!
Whatever, that still
doesn't explain
why you're grinning at us.
Guilty. All right, my point was,
he's busy because you two
are always spending
time together. Get it?
[BOTH grunt]
In fact, if I'm being honest,
I feel as if I can barely
hold his attention
whenever you're around!
It's those rare moments
when you're apart
that he goes back to
acting like my friend.
Don't get me wrong,
this isn't me complaining.
I'm just saying that you're
a much higher priority.
It's been a little lonely
without him, sure,
but I'm really happy
for the two of you.
Buddy! What are you
doing to me? Shut it!
[laughs] Come on,
I'm just messing with you!
Still, I mean... I get it.
I didn't realize I was
taking Sakurai away
from you so much.
I think you two
should hang out today.
We can catch up another time.
It's fine, really!
You sure? Well, okay then.
How about this, why don't
I hang out with you guys?
That way nobody gets left out.
On second thought...
[UZAKI]
Hm?
[SAKURAI]
You're here with your family.
It wouldn't be right to
get in the way of that.
Why don't you give me a shout
the next time you're free,
and we can hang out then.
How's that sound?
Sakurai...
Saku's right.
You're here with
your family today,
you should spend time with them.
And since Kiri and Yanagi are
all done with their exams,
I thought why don't we
all somewhere together?
Hana! Yanagi! Are you all right?
They didn't hurt you, did they?
You'll never leave
my sight ever again.
Yeah, you're totally right.
I'll do that.
But I am for sure gonna drag
you back here at some point.
Yeah? Okay. Sounds good.
[UZAKI] All right. Well, I guess
I'd better be getting back.
[SAKURAI] Sure. I guess
I'll see you at work?
You know it! Oh,
and one more thing.
[SAKURAI]
Hm?
Ya got something to say? You
know, that thing you always say?
[SAKURAI grunts]
Uhh. C-Cute swimsuit today.
[laughs] Thank you. Anyway,
have fun today. See ya later!
You bet.
Ugh, you two are
positively hopeless.
[SAKURAI]
Huh?
Ah!
Forgot you were there!
[SAKAKI]
Speaking of which...
What is it?
Oh, you know.
Just thinking how it's getting
to be that time of year,
family visits and what not.
Oh, right.
[SAKAKI]
You decide yet if you're going
home for the holidays?
[SAKURAI] Eh, I haven't really
given it much thought.
I guess I'll see whether
or not they ask me.
How 'bout you?
[SAKAKI chuckles]
Not if I can help it.
[SAKURAI]
Well, time is of the essence.
If you plan on coming up with
an excuse they actually believe.
[SAKAKI] Hey! We should do
the New Years shrine visit.
See the first sunrise.
[SAKURAI]
Oh, hell yeah!
[SAKAKI]
You can bring Uzaki with you.
[YANAGI]
Oh, Hana's back.
[UZAKI laughs]
Oh wow, someone's
in a good mood.
Absolutely! I'm having fun.
I'm glad we came here!
You know, me too!
The fresh air and
this beautiful view--
I could stay in this wonderful
warm water forever!
[UZAKI] You don't think you'd
get hungry after a while?
[TSUKI] Oh good point.
We should eat something.
[UZAKI] Cool, let's go call
our "bodyguard," shall we?
[YANAGI] Hey, Daddy!
We're gonna head out, okay?
[KIRI]
Hey, Mom? Is dinner soon?
[TSUKI]
Oh! That's right.
I'll get it started
in just a little bit.
[YANAGI] Here, Kiri,
eat these in the meantime.
We got them at the hot spring.
Sounds like you guys really
enjoyed yourselves today.
[UZAKI]
It was so much fun!
[YANAGI]
Yeah, you would of liked it.
You should have come with us.
We spent the whole day
soaking in hot water
while Dad modeled
for a group of boys
who were obsessed
with his muscles.
They did a photo shoot
and everything.
[KIRI] Wait, I'm sorry.
What was this trip?
[YANAGI]
Oh yeah, and these guys
were flirting with Hana and me.
Flirting?
[UZAKI] It was nothin'.
Dad chased 'em off right away.
You should of seen the
looks on their faces.
I told them that Hana
was in middle school,
and they actually believed me.
They backpedaled so fast!
By the way, remind me
to get you back for that.
You've got a lotta nerve
trying to pass
a 20-year-old off as
a middle-schooler.
You're lucky that worked!
Sounds like you need
to get over it.
Huh...
[FUJIO]
Hm?
Anyway! We should spend
the night next time!
How does that sound?
Kiri, would you come with
us if we went back?
Sure. If it's that
much fun, I guess it
wouldn't be the end of the
world if I went with you.
[FUJIO]
Yes!
Yeah! I'm in!
How soon can we go?
[FUJIO]
That's fantastic, Kiri!
Your dear old dad will
take you whenever you like!
[FUJIO]
Today's trip with the girls
turned out to be
a massive success!
I can't wait for next time!
We'll have a family trip
with the entire Uzaki clan!
Ah, dammit! Now I really wish
I'd gone with you today!
Hey, Dad? Let's not
wait too long, okay?
How about next week?
I'll skip club!
Someone's excited!
[UZAKI]
I thought you hated the idea.
Yeah, what the heck changed?
[laughs] And why so soon?
Think about it!
You said Hana and Yanagi
were getting hit on, and
they're runts! I'll be a magnet!
Heck, I might even stand
a chance of getting
hit on by a college girl or two!
Oh, man, this is gonna be
awesome! I can't wait!
[UZAKI, YANAGI grunt]
[KIRI] Ow! What the heck?
What was that for?
[UZAKI] So little man,
you think we're runts, huh?
[YANAGI]
This right here?
This is why girls
don't like you.
[FUJIO] These trips are
supposed to be about family!
[TSUKI]
There they go again.
Another day in the life
of the Uzaki's.
[UZAKI] Well this runt
is about to show you
just how much damage
these hands can do...
[TSUKI] What a family I have.
Wouldn't change a thing.
[KIRI laughing]
What?
I'm plenty tall!
Whatever, I'll get a girlfriend
with or without your help!
[FUJIO] My beautiful family!
Ripping apart at the seams.
[CATS screech]